how's it going boys we are back with
some more minecraft round number two
because we memo or our on new YouTube
channel look at that oh yeah donkey they
all got their own thing going now so you
can look forward to minecraft series
coming out on these three channels but
we're gonna give you a little pace today
I've created a nice little what are we
gonna call it superb archery yeah superb
superb our trio everyone go into a bar
arena everyone go into a pod you got
your own pod in there grab our stuff
splendid littles all right everything in
the whatever you call it you can pick
that up you got arrows gold leather
armor and bro basically the game is you
got to stay in your pod and be the last
man standing use your arrows to try and
eliminate the other three be the last
standing anything goes you can team up
you can use alliances whatever you want
to do you can use the bread kill ROK's
all right oh no no no I think we should
all be gone for the first round we
should all aim our arrows towards roads
ouo definitely now all right go go go
it's on it's on get roped right oh no
the play like you gotta get our goodness
this is all the times you free control
is what happened either you caddy kosel
run oh yeah yeah oh I'm swing get
criminals no fuck you gon fuck you fuck
you what the hell no good no don't TV yo
yes yes no the winner of my own career
oh so I get back in get back in no get
back in get back in cease fire we had
something happen that I was not
expecting what the hell is he you jumped
and I like him LOL yeah good to go at
all right go fuck you give me a sec OH
John winner chicken dinner oh I didn't
even use my bread first first oh yeah
the bread I tore it up I totally forgot
about the bread yeah well actually we
have full health that's why your help is
going back up yeah already but there you
go round number one you guys
around yeah I'll studio all right so
round two who's gonna take down do from
the map creator dude who goes alright
Roach do not go right away hang on i
will start it all route down when this
arrow hits the ground when it's all of
the ground sure you already fun dad just
begun shot me Nowitzki gun we've got it
premature get that all oh god no Roach
coach coastal roads we can I you that's
cheating oh no what are you talking
about yeah you guys should team up on
roads you can't let the cheater win I'm
trying missing shots there you got your
non friggin cheat oh here we go 11 on
one diagonal to I carry or you can't you
can't move it when you're when you're
zooming yes thank you I know it's gonna
take it look you could all you must give
me yeah yeah to the great donkey alright
was fucking your way round second quick
fuck you rose yeah one or drowned don't
be a frigging juice yeah ghum i couldnt
alright alright alright we are back
round three round number 3 b roll me an
apple what do it sort of shooting on oh
my god road accident go what's it gonna
be no Krypto shoe me we do it a man
happy come on yeah I can see that you
ready imma get on one know what is this
three two one ah who shoot me I was
going for me you kidding me when you can
what do you expect you are who you are
it's hard to amen what you sow and like
son I've done I'm da take that
microscope you know ya get all you've
already injured him enough I'm getting
you down if you have to win with the
wind sir john as a wedding take it off i
know i can take a number on my game
shoot oh my goodness Oh John wins why
walk out here yeah I feel like yeah jon
was always two games over three I'm i
secreted maps all looks good get the
hell out of here that's right roll dough
hey guys you're not gonna get to meet
out of here we think you are again oh
shit are you stuck in the water with a
goof with a goo oh look at him hide
under the water whatever I will you all
lose so don't worry boys the minecraft
series eventually will be back up and
going and you can find it on down ski
roads and kryptonite's channel all right
oh yeah fuck out here